Bulli un 
 
 
Product overview:  
 
 
 
MVP Scope:  
 
1. Gold Pricing (App & Admin Portal)  
a. API integration  
b. Manual via Admin portal [parameters]  
 
2. Gold Products  (on App)  
a. Pay by value  
b. Gold Kitty  
c. Monthly recurring  
d. Kids special  
3. B2C  
a. Sign-up 
b. KYC 
c. Buy Gold  
d. Sell Gold – against cash  
e. Withdraw gold coin(s)  
4. Customer Acquisition  
a. Loyalty for customer acquisition [ Complete KYC, buy X value of Gold and get Xgms of 
Gold free ] 
b. Referrals  (get Xgms of Gold free)  

5. B2B2C  
a. Corporate onboarding  
b. White -label APIs  
c. Dashboards  
 
6. Admin  
a. General  
i. Gold Pricing management  
ii. Customer segmentation (TBD)  
b. B2C 
i. Onboarding -KYC Data  
1. EID expiry  
ii. Fee management  
iii. VAT management  
iv. Customer profiling  
v. Complaints management/resolution  
vi. Reports  
c. B2B 
i. Onboarding  
ii. Corporate Pricing/revenue management  
iii. Dashboards  
iv. Reports  
 
 
 
1. Registration  – Sign -up/Sign -in: 
Users need to download and install the app. They'll then need to register by providing their 
basic information and creating an account.   
 
2. Verification  – Sign -up/Sign -in:  
To ensure security and compliance, users might need to verify their identity by submitting 
relevant documents.  Post account creation, KYC to be performed for the customer to continue.  
 
Digitify : to share KYC tool they will be integrating with, along with the process.  
Wadzpay:  Post successful verification and account creation, an instance of customer account to 
be created at WadzPay. [process to be confirmed during WadzPay workshop]   
 
3. Nominee :  
User have to add at least one nominee to his account.  
 
4. Funding:  
Users can either pay using the payment gatewa y by entering their card details or link their bank 
accounts or credit/debit cards to the app. This enables them to deposit funds that will be us ed 
to purchase fractional gold.   
In case of B2B2C: in  addition to  payment gateway we will be  also allowing onus transactions 
where direct debit on the card will happen and no network/payment gateway will be required. 
This process would require separate discussion with partners for process, reconciliation etc. [to 
be added post discussion]  
 
5. Exploring Gold Products :  
Users can browse through different gold products  available for purchase. These could include 
various weights and types of gold.   
 
Product Option1 : Flexi Gold - One time buy  or as and when buy  
Buy Gold in fractions or to a amount user can pay. But it has to be in the multiples of 10. 
For eg.: 0.1 gm, 0.5 gm, 1.0gm, 10gm, 0.2gm  but NOT 0.11gm, 0.21 etc.  
We need to still evaluate posibility  when user enter amount which will equate it to a 
value that is not multiple of 10.   
 
Product  Option2:  Group buy product [Digital Gold Kitty]  
One user can create a group and add registered users to it and define the amount of 
Gold they will have each month and app will calculate the value that will pool in every 
month  by each user . Individual users will add that amount same date each month. And 
on that date group admin will select which user will get Gold value for that month.  
  
 Product Option3:  Monthly recurring individual  – Goal based  
User can opt for a goal based gold saving product, and link his/her card for auto debit  at 
certain  date/time of a month.   
 
 Product Option4:  Kids special  
User can opt for a goal based gold saving product  for more than one kid , and link his/her 
card for auto debit at certa in date/time of a month.  Each kid product will have 
following:  
- Details of the kid  
- Documents for verification for eg. Passport  etc. 
Each kid will be the nominee for their own gold product in case of eventuality.  
 
6. Selecting Fractional Amount:  
Users choose the amount of gold they want to purchase. The app should display the equivalent 
value in their chosen currency.  
App will be displaying real time gold rates for buy & sell on the app.  
 
7. Payment:  
Users confirm the purchase and the app deducts the corresponding funds from their linked 
account or card.  
 
8. Fractional Ownership:  
After the purchase, users now own a fraction  of the gold equivalent to the amount they bought.  
 
 
 
 
9. Security and Storage:  
Assure users of the security of their investments and the physical storage of the gold, if 
applicable.  App will display certificates and authorities which has approved or provided services 
to Bulliun. All details pertaining to these will be displayed as separate section.  
 
10. Real -time Tracking:  
The app provides real -time updates on the value of the user's go ld holdings, allowing them to 
monitor their investment.  
 
11. Selling or Holding:  
Users can choose to either hold onto their gold or sell it back through the app. Selling would 
convert their fractional gold back into funds in their account.  If users decide to sell, they can 
withdraw the funds to their linked bank account.  
 
12. Withdrawal:  
Users can choose to either hold onto their gold or withdraw it in form of gold coins in the form 
of available denomination from our authorized partners.  
[supply chain model for this to be define]  
 
13. Customer Support:  
Provide customer support to address any questions or issues users might encounter during the 
process.  We need to have Admin portal for customer service, Operations, Finance  and 
compliance.  
 